README.md, before:

# 🌍 Imposter Game - Learn Green Coding, Save the Planet

> **KitaHack 2026 Submission** | Teaching the next generation to code sustainably through AI-powered gamification

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.3-blue.svg)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.6-blue.svg)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-Realtime-orange.svg)](https://firebase.google.com/)
[![Gemma AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemma-27b-blueviolet.svg)](https://ai.google.dev/gemma)

---

## 🎯 Problem Statement

### The Challenge

Traditional coding education focuses on **"Does it work?"** but ignores **"Is it efficient?"**

**Real-world impact:**

- 💡 Data centers consume **1% of global electricity** (IEA, 2022) - more than the entire airline industry.
- 🔥 Inefficient algorithms (e.g., O(n²) instead of O(n)) waste energy equivalent to **powering entire cities**.
- 🎓 Students graduate knowing "how to code" but not "how to code sustainably."
- 🌍 **We cannot fight climate change with dirty code.**

This project addresses the urgent need for **Green Software Engineering** skills (SDG 13) by gamifying the abstract concept of algorithmic efficiency.

### Target SDGs

- **SDG 4:** Quality Education - Making computer science accessible and practical
- **SDG 13:** Climate Action - Teaching energy-aware programming
- **SDG 12:** Responsible Consumption - Optimizing resource usage through code
- **SDG 7:** Clean Energy - Reducing computational energy waste

---

## 💡 Our Solution

**Imposter Game** is an educational coding game where players learn programming while understanding the environmental impact of their code through:

### 🤖 AI-Powered Features

1. **Dynamic Level Generation ("Chaos Engine" - Beta)**
   - AI generates unique coding challenges (Prototype phase)
   - Curated story levels for consistent difficulty
   - Each level aligns with specific SDG themes

2. **Green Coder Score Analysis**
   - AI analyzes algorithmic efficiency (Big-O complexity)
   - Translates performance to real-world energy metrics
   - Provides actionable optimization tips

3. **Professor Gaia - AI Mentor**
   - Context-aware coding assistance
   - Environmental impact education
   - Encourages learning through mistakes

### 🎮 Gamification Elements

- Real-time environmental impact tracking
- Skill progression system
- SDG badges and achievements
- Multiplayer competitive challenges

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Google Technologies** (Required for KitaHack)

#### 1. Google AI - Gemma Models (The Brains)
*Why Gemma?*
- **Open & Efficient:** We utilize the **Gemma 2 (27b, 12b, 2b)** family of open models for transparency and performance.
- **Speed & Efficiency:** Essential for real-time gamification where players can't wait 10s for feedback.
- **Context Window:** Large context allows Professor Gaia to remember the student's entire conversation history.

**Key Features:**
- **Code Efficiency Analysis:** Evaluates Big-O complexity and environmental impact (`Green Coder Score`).
- **Conversational AI Mentor:** Professor Gaia provides contextual, persona-driven help.
- **Dynamic Level Generation (Prototype):** AI generates infinite unique coding puzzles with embedded bugs (Current gameplay uses curated validation levels).

#### 2. Google Developer Tools - Firebase

- **Authentication:** Secure user management
- **Realtime Database:** Live progress tracking and leaderboards
- **Hosting:** Deployment and CDN

### **Core Framework**

- **React 18.3** - UI framework
- **TypeScript 5.6** - Type-safe development
- **Vite 7.3** - Build tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling

---

## 🏗️ System Architecture

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Player] --> B[React Game Interface]
    B --> C{Player Action}
    
    C -->|Request New Level| D[Gemini API: Chaos Engine]
    D -->|Generate Buggy Code| E[Dynamic Level]
    E --> B
    
    C -->|Submit Code Solution| F[Code Runner]
    F --> G[Gemini API: Green Analyzer]
    G -->|Analyze Efficiency| H[Green Coder Score]
    H --> B
    
    C -->|Ask for Help| I[Gemini API: Professor Gaia]
    I -->|Contextual Hints| B
    
    B --> J[Firebase Realtime DB]
    J -->|Save Progress| K[User Profile]
    
    style D fill:#9333ea
    style G fill:#9333ea
    style I fill:#9333ea
```

### Data Flow

1. **Level Generation:**
   - Player requests challenge → Gemini generates code with intentional bug → Level displayed

2. **Code Submission:**
   - Player fixes code → Validated against test cases → Sent to Gemini for efficiency analysis

3. **Green Analysis:**
   - Gemini compares player's solution to optimal → Calculates Big-O → Estimates energy waste → Returns Green Coder Score

4. **Impact Tracking:**
   - All optimization gains stored in Firebase → Aggregated to global impact dashboard

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn
- Google AI API Key ([Get one here](https://ai.google.dev/))
- Firebase Project ([Create one here](https://console.firebase.google.com/))

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Juli-Cious/imposter-game.git
cd imposter-game

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up environment variables
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your API keys
```

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory:

```env
# Firebase Configuration
VITE_FIREBASE_API_KEY=your_firebase_api_key
VITE_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your-project.firebaseapp.com
VITE_FIREBASE_DATABASE_URL=https://your-project.firebasedatabase.app
VITE_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
VITE_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your-project.firebasestorage.app
VITE_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=your_sender_id
VITE_FIREBASE_APP_ID=your_app_id

# Google AI (Gemini)
VITE_GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key
```

### Run Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:5173` to play!

### Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

---

## 📊 Impact Metrics

> **Note:** Submit actual user testing data here after collecting feedback

### User Testing Results (See [Full Logs](docs/USER_TESTING_LOGS.md))

We conducted 3 phases of testing with **12 students (Ages 10-14)** and **3 teachers**.

- **85%** of students understood "Green Coding" concepts after playing (up from 15%).
- **92%** reported increased motivation to optimize their code.
- **100%** correct identification of energy-intensive algorithms (nested loops).
- **4.8/5** Average Engagement Score.

### Environmental Impact (Theoretical)

If 1,000 students optimize one algorithm each:

- **~500 kWh saved** (equivalent to charging 100,000 smartphones)
- **~200 kg CO₂ reduced** (equivalent to planting 10 trees)

---

## 👥 User Feedback & Iteration

| User Feedback | Our Response | Result |
|--------------|--------------|---------|
| *"I didn't know why my code failed"* | Added Professor Gaia AI mentor with 3 difficulty hint levels | Understanding improved 40% |
| *"Wanted more challenge variety"* | Implemented Gemini-powered infinite level generation | Replayability increased significantly |
| *"Environmental impact felt abstract"* | Added real-world equivalencies (e.g., "This saves charging 50 phones") | Engagement with green metrics up 60% |

> **User Quote:**  
> *"I never realized inefficient code wasted so much energy! The Green Coder Score made optimization feel important, not just academic."*  
> — Student Tester, Age 16

---

## 🚧 Challenges Faced

### 1. Gemini API Model Availability & Fallback Strategy

**Problem:** Gemini model availability varied across regions, causing API failures  
**Technical Challenge:**

- Initial implementation assumed `gemini-pro` would always be available
- During deployment, discovered model access restrictions in certain regions
- Game would crash if primary model was unavailable

**Solution:**

- Implemented **model fallback cascade** in `GoogleAIService.ts` (lines 25-60)
- Created priority queue: `gemma-3-27b-it` → `gemma-3-12b-it` → `gemma-3-4b-it` → `gemma-3-2b-it`
- Added `callGemmaWithFallback()` function that automatically retries with smaller models
- Result: **99.5% uptime** across all deployment regions

```typescript
for (const model of GEMMA_MODELS) {
  try {
    const response = await fetch(`${API_BASE_URL}/${model}:generateContent`);
    if (response.ok) return data; // Success!
  } catch { continue; } // Try next model
}
```

### 2. Firebase Realtime Database Multiplayer Race Conditions

**Problem:** In multiplayer mode, simultaneous player actions caused state desynchronization  
**Technical Challenge:**

- Multiple players deploying code simultaneously overwrote each other's progress
- Victory conditions triggered incorrectly when Firebase updates arrived out of order
- Team challenge completion counts were inconsistent across clients

**Solution:**

- Implemented **transaction-based updates** for critical state changes
- Added **timestamp-based conflict resolution** in `UserProgressSyncService.ts`
- Created **optimistic UI updates** with server reconciliation
- Used Firebase `.onDisconnect()` to handle player dropout gracefully
- Result: Stable 8-player multiplayer sessions with <100ms sync latency

### 3. Managing AI Response Variability for Consistent Game Experience

**Problem:** Gemini's creative responses were sometimes too verbose or inconsistent for gameplay  
**Technical Challenge:**

- Professor Gaia hints ranged from 10 words to 500 words
- Green Coder Score analysis format varied, breaking UI parsing
- Dynamic level generation occasionally created invalid JSON

**Solution:**

- **Strict prompt engineering:** Added explicit token limits and JSON schema examples
- **Response validation:** Implemented regex-based JSON extraction to handle markdown code blocks
- **Temperature tuning:** Used lower temperature (0.6) for analysis, higher (0.9) for creative content
- **Retry logic:** Auto-retry with refined prompts if response doesn't match expected format
- Result: **95% valid responses** on first attempt, 99% after retry

### 4. Ensuring AI-Generated Levels Are Solvable

**Problem:** Gemini sometimes created unsolvable puzzles or syntax errors  
**Solution:**

- Implemented validation layer to test generated code against expected outputs
- Added structured JSON response format with explicit examples in prompts
- Created fallback to pre-tested levels if generation fails 3 times

### 5. Making Big-O Analysis Child-Friendly

**Problem:** Students (ages 8-14) found complexity notation confusing  
**Solution:**

- Translated O(n²) to visual comparisons ("Your loop checks EVERY item against EVERY other item")
- Used real-world energy metrics ("This extra work wastes enough power to charge 20 phones")
- Professor Gaia explains concepts with metaphors and emojis

---

## 🗺️ Scalability Roadmap

### Phase 1: Current - Web Prototype

**Timeline:** Completed  
**Features:**

- Single-player coding challenges
- AI-powered level generation and analysis
- Basic progress tracking

### Phase 2: Mobile & Multiplayer (3 months)

**Timeline:** Q2 2026  
**Features:**

- Flutter mobile app (iOS/Android)
- Real-time multiplayer "Code Battles"
- Expanded SDG themes (water, biodiversity)
- Teacher dashboard for classroom use

### Phase 3: Educational Integration (6 months)

**Timeline:** Q3 2026  
**Features:**

- Google Classroom integration
- Curriculum-aligned challenges
- School leaderboards
- Teacher analytics and reports

### Phase 4: Global Scale (1 year)

**Timeline:** 2027  
**Features:**

- Multi-language support (10+ languages)
- Partnership with coding bootcamps
- Global environmental impact tracking
- API for educational institutions

---

## 🎥 Demo

**Live Deployment:** [Play Now on Vercel](https://imposter-game-beta-seven.vercel.app/)

> **Video Demo:** Coming soon! We'll add our KitaHack presentation video here.

**Highlights:**

- Dynamic level generation in action
- Green Coder Score reveal
- Real-world environmental impact
- Multiplayer coding battles

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Areas of focus:

- Additional programming languages (currently JavaScript/Python/Dart)
- More SDG theme integration
- Accessibility improvements
- Mobile responsive design

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🌟 Acknowledgments

- **KitaHack 2026** for the opportunity to build solutions that matter
- **Google AI** for Gemini API access
- **Firebase** for reliable backend infrastructure
- **Our student testers** for invaluable feedback

---

## 📞 Contact

**Team Leader:** Cha Zi Yu (Universiti Malaya Y2 Software Engineering)  
**Team Members:** Wong Hao Leong, Julius Lim Jun Herng, Low Li Yik  
**Email:** chaziyu2005@gmail.com | 23120943@siswa.um.edu.my  
**GitHub:** [@Juli-Cious](https://github.com/Juli-Cious)  
**Live Demo:** [imposter-game-beta-seven.vercel.app](https://imposter-game-beta-seven.vercel.app/)

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Teaching the next generation to code green, one algorithm at a time 🌱💻</strong>
</p>

Commit message:

Docs: Expand SDG descriptions with impact mechanisms

README.md, after:

# 🌍 Imposter Game - Learn Green Coding, Save the Planet

> **KitaHack 2026 Submission** | Teaching the next generation to code sustainably through AI-powered gamification

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18.3-blue.svg)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-5.6-blue.svg)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-Realtime-orange.svg)](https://firebase.google.com/)
[![Gemma AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemma-27b-blueviolet.svg)](https://ai.google.dev/gemma)

---

## 🎯 Problem Statement

### The Challenge

Traditional coding education focuses on **"Does it work?"** but ignores **"Is it efficient?"**

**Real-world impact:**

- 💡 Data centers consume **1% of global electricity** (IEA, 2022) - more than the entire airline industry.
- 🔥 Inefficient algorithms (e.g., O(n²) instead of O(n)) waste energy equivalent to **powering entire cities**.
- 🎓 Students graduate knowing "how to code" but not "how to code sustainably."
- 🌍 **We cannot fight climate change with dirty code.**

This project addresses the urgent need for **Green Software Engineering** skills (SDG 13) by gamifying the abstract concept of algorithmic efficiency.

### Target SDGs & Impact Mechanism

| Goal | How Imposter Game Contributes |
|------|-------------------------------|
| **SDG 4: Quality Education** | **Democratizing CS:** We use gamification and AI mentorship (Professor Gaia) to make complex topics like Big-O complexity accessible to students aged 10-14, ensuring inclusive and equitable quality education. |
| **SDG 13: Climate Action** | **Mindset Shift:** By grading code on "Green Coder Score" (carbon efficiency) rather than just correctness, we train the next generation of developers to treat software energy efficiency as a climate imperative. |
| **SDG 12: Responsible Consumption** | **Resource Optimization:** The game teaches that computational power is a finite resource. Players learn to write algorithms that consume fewer CPU cycles and memory, directly modeling sustainable consumption and production patterns. |
| **SDG 7: Affordable & Clean Energy** | **Energy Efficiency:** Data centers currently consume ~1% of global electricity. By teaching students to write O(n) code instead of O(n²), we are directly targeting the improvement of energy efficiency in the digital sector. |

---

## 💡 Our Solution

**Imposter Game** is an educational coding game where players learn programming while understanding the environmental impact of their code through:

### 🤖 AI-Powered Features

1. **Dynamic Level Generation ("Chaos Engine" - Beta)**
   - AI generates unique coding challenges (Prototype phase)
   - Curated story levels for consistent difficulty
   - Each level aligns with specific SDG themes

2. **Green Coder Score Analysis**
   - AI analyzes algorithmic efficiency (Big-O complexity)
   - Translates performance to real-world energy metrics
   - Provides actionable optimization tips

3. **Professor Gaia - AI Mentor**
   - Context-aware coding assistance
   - Environmental impact education
   - Encourages learning through mistakes

### 🎮 Gamification Elements

- Real-time environmental impact tracking
- Skill progression system
- SDG badges and achievements
- Multiplayer competitive challenges

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Google Technologies** (Required for KitaHack)

#### 1. Google AI - Gemma Models (The Brains)
*Why Gemma?*
- **Open & Efficient:** We utilize the **Gemma 2 (27b, 12b, 2b)** family of open models for transparency and performance.
- **Speed & Efficiency:** Essential for real-time gamification where players can't wait 10s for feedback.
- **Context Window:** Large context allows Professor Gaia to remember the student's entire conversation history.

**Key Features:**
- **Code Efficiency Analysis:** Evaluates Big-O complexity and environmental impact (`Green Coder Score`).
- **Conversational AI Mentor:** Professor Gaia provides contextual, persona-driven help.
- **Dynamic Level Generation (Prototype):** AI generates infinite unique coding puzzles with embedded bugs (Current gameplay uses curated validation levels).

#### 2. Google Developer Tools - Firebase

- **Authentication:** Secure user management
- **Realtime Database:** Live progress tracking and leaderboards
- **Hosting:** Deployment and CDN

### **Core Framework**

- **React 18.3** - UI framework
- **TypeScript 5.6** - Type-safe development
- **Vite 7.3** - Build tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** - Styling

---

## 🏗️ System Architecture

```mermaid
graph TD
    A[Player] --> B[React Game Interface]
    B --> C{Player Action}
    
    C -->|Request New Level| D[Gemini API: Chaos Engine]
    D -->|Generate Buggy Code| E[Dynamic Level]
    E --> B
    
    C -->|Submit Code Solution| F[Code Runner]
    F --> G[Gemini API: Green Analyzer]
    G -->|Analyze Efficiency| H[Green Coder Score]
    H --> B
    
    C -->|Ask for Help| I[Gemini API: Professor Gaia]
    I -->|Contextual Hints| B
    
    B --> J[Firebase Realtime DB]
    J -->|Save Progress| K[User Profile]
    
    style D fill:#9333ea
    style G fill:#9333ea
    style I fill:#9333ea
```

### Data Flow

1. **Level Generation:**
   - Player requests challenge → Gemini generates code with intentional bug → Level displayed

2. **Code Submission:**
   - Player fixes code → Validated against test cases → Sent to Gemini for efficiency analysis

3. **Green Analysis:**
   - Gemini compares player's solution to optimal → Calculates Big-O → Estimates energy waste → Returns Green Coder Score

4. **Impact Tracking:**
   - All optimization gains stored in Firebase → Aggregated to global impact dashboard

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn
- Google AI API Key ([Get one here](https://ai.google.dev/))
- Firebase Project ([Create one here](https://console.firebase.google.com/))

### Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Juli-Cious/imposter-game.git
cd imposter-game

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Set up environment variables
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env and add your API keys
```

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in the root directory:

```env
# Firebase Configuration
VITE_FIREBASE_API_KEY=your_firebase_api_key
VITE_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your-project.firebaseapp.com
VITE_FIREBASE_DATABASE_URL=https://your-project.firebasedatabase.app
VITE_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
VITE_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your-project.firebasestorage.app
VITE_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=your_sender_id
VITE_FIREBASE_APP_ID=your_app_id

# Google AI (Gemini)
VITE_GOOGLE_AI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key
```

### Run Development Server

```bash
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:5173` to play!

### Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

---

## 📊 Impact Metrics

> **Note:** Submit actual user testing data here after collecting feedback

### User Testing Results (See [Full Logs](docs/USER_TESTING_LOGS.md))

We conducted 3 phases of testing with **12 students (Ages 10-14)** and **3 teachers**.

- **85%** of students understood "Green Coding" concepts after playing (up from 15%).
- **92%** reported increased motivation to optimize their code.
- **100%** correct identification of energy-intensive algorithms (nested loops).
- **4.8/5** Average Engagement Score.

### Environmental Impact (Theoretical)

If 1,000 students optimize one algorithm each:

- **~500 kWh saved** (equivalent to charging 100,000 smartphones)
- **~200 kg CO₂ reduced** (equivalent to planting 10 trees)

---

## 👥 User Feedback & Iteration

| User Feedback | Our Response | Result |
|--------------|--------------|---------|
| *"I didn't know why my code failed"* | Added Professor Gaia AI mentor with 3 difficulty hint levels | Understanding improved 40% |
| *"Wanted more challenge variety"* | Implemented Gemini-powered infinite level generation | Replayability increased significantly |
| *"Environmental impact felt abstract"* | Added real-world equivalencies (e.g., "This saves charging 50 phones") | Engagement with green metrics up 60% |

> **User Quote:**  
> *"I never realized inefficient code wasted so much energy! The Green Coder Score made optimization feel important, not just academic."*  
> — Student Tester, Age 16

---

## 🚧 Challenges Faced

### 1. Gemini API Model Availability & Fallback Strategy

**Problem:** Gemini model availability varied across regions, causing API failures  
**Technical Challenge:**

- Initial implementation assumed `gemini-pro` would always be available
- During deployment, discovered model access restrictions in certain regions
- Game would crash if primary model was unavailable

**Solution:**

- Implemented **model fallback cascade** in `GoogleAIService.ts` (lines 25-60)
- Created priority queue: `gemma-3-27b-it` → `gemma-3-12b-it` → `gemma-3-4b-it` → `gemma-3-2b-it`
- Added `callGemmaWithFallback()` function that automatically retries with smaller models
- Result: **99.5% uptime** across all deployment regions

```typescript
for (const model of GEMMA_MODELS) {
  try {
    const response = await fetch(`${API_BASE_URL}/${model}:generateContent`);
    if (response.ok) return data; // Success!
  } catch { continue; } // Try next model
}
```

### 2. Firebase Realtime Database Multiplayer Race Conditions

**Problem:** In multiplayer mode, simultaneous player actions caused state desynchronization  
**Technical Challenge:**

- Multiple players deploying code simultaneously overwrote each other's progress
- Victory conditions triggered incorrectly when Firebase updates arrived out of order
- Team challenge completion counts were inconsistent across clients

**Solution:**

- Implemented **transaction-based updates** for critical state changes
- Added **timestamp-based conflict resolution** in `UserProgressSyncService.ts`
- Created **optimistic UI updates** with server reconciliation
- Used Firebase `.onDisconnect()` to handle player dropout gracefully
- Result: Stable 8-player multiplayer sessions with <100ms sync latency

### 3. Managing AI Response Variability for Consistent Game Experience

**Problem:** Gemini's creative responses were sometimes too verbose or inconsistent for gameplay  
**Technical Challenge:**

- Professor Gaia hints ranged from 10 words to 500 words
- Green Coder Score analysis format varied, breaking UI parsing
- Dynamic level generation occasionally created invalid JSON

**Solution:**

- **Strict prompt engineering:** Added explicit token limits and JSON schema examples
- **Response validation:** Implemented regex-based JSON extraction to handle markdown code blocks
- **Temperature tuning:** Used lower temperature (0.6) for analysis, higher (0.9) for creative content
- **Retry logic:** Auto-retry with refined prompts if response doesn't match expected format
- Result: **95% valid responses** on first attempt, 99% after retry

### 4. Ensuring AI-Generated Levels Are Solvable

**Problem:** Gemini sometimes created unsolvable puzzles or syntax errors  
**Solution:**

- Implemented validation layer to test generated code against expected outputs
- Added structured JSON response format with explicit examples in prompts
- Created fallback to pre-tested levels if generation fails 3 times

### 5. Making Big-O Analysis Child-Friendly

**Problem:** Students (ages 8-14) found complexity notation confusing  
**Solution:**

- Translated O(n²) to visual comparisons ("Your loop checks EVERY item against EVERY other item")
- Used real-world energy metrics ("This extra work wastes enough power to charge 20 phones")
- Professor Gaia explains concepts with metaphors and emojis

---

## 🗺️ Scalability Roadmap

### Phase 1: Current - Web Prototype

**Timeline:** Completed  
**Features:**

- Single-player coding challenges
- AI-powered level generation and analysis
- Basic progress tracking

### Phase 2: Mobile & Multiplayer (3 months)

**Timeline:** Q2 2026  
**Features:**

- Flutter mobile app (iOS/Android)
- Real-time multiplayer "Code Battles"
- Expanded SDG themes (water, biodiversity)
- Teacher dashboard for classroom use

### Phase 3: Educational Integration (6 months)

**Timeline:** Q3 2026  
**Features:**

- Google Classroom integration
- Curriculum-aligned challenges
- School leaderboards
- Teacher analytics and reports

### Phase 4: Global Scale (1 year)

**Timeline:** 2027  
**Features:**

- Multi-language support (10+ languages)
- Partnership with coding bootcamps
- Global environmental impact tracking
- API for educational institutions

---

## 🎥 Demo

**Live Deployment:** [Play Now on Vercel](https://imposter-game-beta-seven.vercel.app/)

> **Video Demo:** Coming soon! We'll add our KitaHack presentation video here.

**Highlights:**

- Dynamic level generation in action
- Green Coder Score reveal
- Real-world environmental impact
- Multiplayer coding battles

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Areas of focus:

- Additional programming languages (currently JavaScript/Python/Dart)
- More SDG theme integration
- Accessibility improvements
- Mobile responsive design

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 🌟 Acknowledgments

- **KitaHack 2026** for the opportunity to build solutions that matter
- **Google AI** for Gemini API access
- **Firebase** for reliable backend infrastructure
- **Our student testers** for invaluable feedback

---

## 📞 Contact

**Team Leader:** Cha Zi Yu (Universiti Malaya Y2 Software Engineering)  
**Team Members:** Wong Hao Leong, Julius Lim Jun Herng, Low Li Yik  
**Email:** chaziyu2005@gmail.com | 23120943@siswa.um.edu.my  
**GitHub:** [@Juli-Cious](https://github.com/Juli-Cious)  
**Live Demo:** [imposter-game-beta-seven.vercel.app](https://imposter-game-beta-seven.vercel.app/)

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Teaching the next generation to code green, one algorithm at a time 🌱💻</strong>
</p>
